Okay, so in our IDE
let's go ahead and open up our project.
And we have a new project that we'll start with,
it's in the directory
spring-boot-unit-testing-main/2.00-starting-project.
So this is the 2.00-starting-project directory.
Let's move into here
and let's go ahead and select open.
So just a quick tour of the existing code
that was created by that previous employee.
So there are some models that will make use of here.
There's the Student interface,
I just has two basic methods here,
and there's a CollegeStudent class.
So this CollegeStudent implements Student,
define some field, some constructors,
all the Getter and Setters,
we override the two string method
and we also provide implementations
so that student interface.
So the method studentInformation
and also get full name.
We also have another class here called StudentGrades.
So it'll have a list of grades,
in this case math grades.
We'll add more subjects in the future
but for right now,
we'll just make use of math grades here.
And then we have our main SpringBootApplication
and kind of expand the window here for a second.
So just a regular SpringBootApplication.
We have a standard main that we always get for free.
And then here the previous employee
decided to manually define Beans for collegeStudent,
and they set the Bean name and the Scope.
And then also there's an application.properties file,
and we'll actually retrieve these properties
in our SpringBoot test.
All right, so that's it
as far as the code,
really small code base here
and we'll spend the remaining time
on building out unit us for this code base.